while Israeli soldiers have also shot
and killed a Palestinian Carpenter who's
a father of six near nablas the
39-year-old was initially attacked by
Israeli settlers in the town of karwat
bani Hassan settlers then forced him out
of his car and burned it before he was
shot in the neck by an Israeli
soldier elsewhere in the West Bank 10
masked Israeli settlers raided a
Palestinian owned restaurant in the
village of Saia security camera footage
captured at the moment of the attack
you're seeing there which clearly caused
significant damage to that building well
let's now speak to our correspondent
who's on the ground there for us Abid is
in Hebron H tell us what you've been
seeing there where you
are well there have been several uh
raids overnight here in Hebron in total
eight people were detained Four Women
and four uh young men in their 20s now
we're here at the house of the karame
family uh where where one of the raids
happened at around 2:30 in the morning
so as we understanded the soldiers came
through this door and you can see around
me all this mess that happened this is
the soldiers really searching and
ransacking uh the courtyard of the house
I would say inside you had seven people
sleeping the mother and six children of
which one is a one-year-old uh child now
I'm told that it's only when the
soldiers knocked at this door that they
woke up and understood that something
was going on now the person that was
detained is Barak K she's 18 years old
and she's a university student and I'm
here with her mother Han and Hanah is
actually quite emotional
still at about 2 in the morning we heard
some noise and some banging on the door
they tried in a barbaric manner to open
the door we told the Israeli occupation
soldiers to wait we will open we the
this door is totally sealed we had to
open the back uh door this door was
smashed by the Israeli occupation
soldiers at that time they directed
their laser gun laser beam on our heads
uh we have children uh daughters and
boys and one yearold boy uh they dragged
my 14-year-old boy they pulled him
outside the house and they started
roughing him up interrogating him and it
was a terrifying uh scene and my
children were really frightened they
started to take down our names at that
point they took my uh 18yearold daughter
bar they surrounded her and they started
to take photographs of her I want to try
to ask what's going on they screamed and
asked us to shut up we were really
frightened and the large number of uh
soldiers armed to the to the teeth they
started to destroy and smash everything
in the house I tried to ask what uh
before that my husband is
detained he is detained by the Israeli
occupation forces they hushed us they
took my daughter together with me
inside the back
room other they a a female Soldier
started to budy search her in a very
rough
manner they searched her in a very
violent fashion and after that they took
her away they pushed me out of the room
and they kept the daughter inside they
asked me
that why do you think they took your
daughter away nothing was disclosed they
asked us tomorrow there will be a swap
deal with Gaza and your daughter will be
released and the the is sold said let
the Gaz have her
released so told you that they took her
as a prisoner and they it will be she
will be released in a swap deal I tried
to ask them what is going on what did
she do what what crime did she commit
they did not answer they kept destroying
and smashing everything in the house I
told them we are civilians she is a a
juvenile she was born in 2005 she's a
young child what did she do you are very
anxious and tense no doubt before that
last week my husband was detained and
today they have taken my daughter I even
begged them to give her some heavy
clothes because the weather is called
they refused they even refused to give
her anything while they took her
away last week many detes Palestinian
detes were released and you must have
heard there stories yeah this made me
more frightened I'm really fear for my
daughter the way the Israeli occupation
soldiers are dealing with the
Palestinian dettin we hope that the Red
Cross would intervene and find a
solution she is an innocent young
18-year-old University student she did
not commit any
crime now she doesn't know where her
daughter has been taken into but we
spoke to other uh females who were
detained here in Hebron just yesterday
and they explain to us that there's
several phases in their detention they
first are taking to uh a nearby to offer
prison and from there they take him to
somewhere called the shaon prison where
there is where they spend several days
during interrogations and all the
females we spoke to said that the
conditions there were very harsh and
it's after that they they are moved once
again to Damon prison which is the
female prison for Palestinians inside
Israel now they said that inside those
jails they are completely cut off from
the world and that the conditions are
quite harsh uh because they said that
they felt that the soldiers there the
prison guards there were taking their
revenge or their anger out of what
happened on October 7th on these
detained people people inside the jails
H ABD Hamed with that report for us from
the ground in Hebron in the occupied
West Bank thank you h